Add note about sbtPluginPublishLegacyMavenStyle (#1164)
sbt/website: src/reference/02-DetailTopics/05-Plugins-and-Best-Practices/02-Plugins.md

        Seq.empty
```

### Publishing a plugin

> Sbt plugins can be published as any other projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sbt plugins can be published like any other projects. 
```

Reviewer 2: For technical documentation like this, I think we should try to summarize the recommendation up front, assuming most people will skim through them.

```suggestion
Plugins can be published like any other projects. When publishing your plugin to a Maven-layout repository, use sbt 1.9.x or above.
```

Author: Good idea :+1:

> However, there is one caveat if you attempt to publish your plugin to a repository that follows the Maven scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is one caveat if you attempt to publish your plugin to a repository that follows the Maven naming scheme.
```

Reviewer 2: I usually say "Maven layout" (as opposed to "Ivy layout").

> For many years, Sbt plugins have utilized an artifact layout that is incompatible with Maven-based repositories, and rectifying this in a fully compatible manner has proven to be quite challenging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For many years, sbt plugins have utilized an artifact layout that is incompatible with Maven-based repositories, and rectifying this in a fully compatible manner has proven to be quite challenging.
```

Reviewer 2: I feel like this sentence is simultaneously too much detail for someone who might be interested in creating a new plugin, and not enough details to accurate capture the problem with pre-1.9 publishing. I don't know if it's clear what was "incompatible" with what, for instance. Maven Central has allowed sbt to publish, and sbt versions going back for many years sbt using either Ivy or Coursier was able to resolve plugins out of Maven Central, so it was compatible in that sense.

The problem with pre-1.9 sbt was that it published in a compatible, but intentionally invalid URL such as https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/eed3si9n/sbt-assembly_2.12_1.0/2.1.4/sbt-assembly-2.1.4.pom because the `artifactId` of the module is called sbt-assembly:

```xml
<artifactId>sbt-assembly</artifactId>
```

This was a workaround to preserve the `name` from sbt as `artifactId`, while allowing Apache Ivy to find the `_2.12_1.0` variant of sbt-assembly from a Maven repository. In an Ivy-layout repository, this concept is expressed as extra attributes, and therefore sbt team has initially recommended hosting sbt plugins on Ivy repository on Artifactory or Bintray. Preserving the name of module allows sbt to round-trip the POM back to our idea of modules, but also it has allowed external services such as https://search.maven.org/search?q=sbt-assembly to treat sbt-assembly as "sbt-assembly", not "sbt-assembly_2.12_1.0" etc.

This invalidity have been ok, apart from the fact that Artifactory has a checkbox called "Suppress POM Consistency Checks", and tried to enforce consistency of the URL layout. Post-1.9 sbt will double-publish to https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/eed3si9n/sbt-assembly_2.12_1.0/2.1.4/sbt-assembly_2.12_1.0-2.1.4.pom so the URL as well as the `artifactId` are now valid:

```xml
<artifactId>sbt-assembly_2.12_1.0</artifactId>
```

Author: I decided to drop this sentence as it indeed wasn't bringing much value.

> If your artifacts repository expect artifacts to be compliant with maven scheme and rejects artifacts that does no adhere to it you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your artifacts repository expect artifacts to be compliant with the maven scheme and rejects artifacts that do not adhere to it you can:
```

> 1. If you and consumers of your plugin use sbt 1.9.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you and consumers of your plugin use sbt 1.9.x or above
```

>    Since sbt 1.9, it tries to publish any plugin with the new and legacy Maven style (for backward compatibility). The legacy Maven style is not fully compatible with Maven scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Since sbt 1.9, it tries to publish any plugin with both the new and legacy Maven style (for backward compatibility). The legacy Maven style is not fully compatible with Maven scheme.
```

   You need to disable it with:
   `sbtPluginPublishLegacyMavenStyle := false`
   Notice that you won't be able to consume this plugin with sbt older than 1.9, as it can only resolve the legacy Maven style (or you need to use the trick described in [sbt-vspp](https://github.com/esbeetee/sbt-vspp)).
3. If you use sbt < 1.9.x
   
   You can use https://github.com/esbeetee/sbt-vspp/

> 5. If you cannot use sbt 1.9.x and you cannot/don't want to use sbt-vspp

Reviewer 2: The official doc should be written based on the narrative that you should just use the latest stable version of sbt, since if anyone opening a GitHub issue would be told to do so anyway.

Author: I marked the first option as recommended, I agree that people should use the latest versions in general, but as we all know well it is simpler said than done. Sometimes there are things that temporarily prevent migration to more recent versions. 

Is the current form ok?
